Today I'm focused on improving our speed and reaching [[Tokenspeed]], which I refer to as the property of one's organization working at the speed of LLM tokens.  In this sense, our task can be as removing blockages to such speed [[via negativa]].

Specifically, I'm working on a system to gather richer context about the organization state such that it can be fed into prompts and I don't need to explain things.  I hope this gets me tapping LLMs much more, and building entire workflow pipelines to remove myself from things that can and should be automated: design ideation, marketing, outreach strategy, refining and debating ideas, coding, prioritization, financial models.  Think big.  Context and workflows can compound.  Integrations with stripe, with my database, and other services means can have agents working with full context across my org, constantly spotting opportunities. 

---

Reading Peter Thiel's [[Zero to One]], I'm thinking a lot about power laws and selective investment of time and attention.  What are we compounding over time that will outlast and reap massive rewards over time?  Some things will fluctuate, so we need to be brutally precise with what we consider progress.  For instance, transaction volume may vary wildly over a year or even a few years.  In the grand scheme, this should be a big nothing, and something we learn from and never threatened the business.  That's antifragility.  That requires low spending, people who are spartans and see the long term potential.  But what is the *thing* that's being worked towards?  Is it a law firm?  Is it a law protocol?  Is it a network of AI that can fulfill legal matters?  It's some combination of all of this.  Do we really need to know?  Not really in any precision.  We just need to make sure we don't fall off the path.  But how do we know what path we're on if we don't even know where it's going?  What are the principles we orient by?

Well, for one, that feeling that there's something big, even if we don't know what it is, is a good one.  If we know exactly what "it" is that we've built, we're not thinking long term or paradigmatic.

We can think competitive advantage.  A social network reaches that kind of scale when it reaches network effects.  Something like Costco reaches that kind of scale when no one can compete with their prices at scale.  So what's "law at scale"?  What is legal empire?

Handle peoples' legal matters as cheaply as possible and so conveniently that it effectively becomes a *tax*...every business that reaches the peak is effectively a tax—something *everyone* pays but in different degrees based on their net worth.  These are the radical returns at the end.  Everything else before that is noise.  We are rebranding law to a kind of sword shield that any economic agent would want.  It's armor.  AHA, yes it's armor.  And the cool factor comes from armor being sleek, elegant, tech-y, cool.  Ultimately we're building everyone's armory.  Right now we're thinking about it in terms of "lawyers" and "matchmaking", but the big picture is thing kind of armory, creating various things for various people—maybe nun-chuks, a sword, a lance, shields, whatever.

So on the surface we might think about the number of customers or the number of cases or transaction volume or products sold—but that's all noise—and something dangerous to pay attention to.  However, if our true goal above goals is to become *the* legal monopoly, *the* default armory that anyone would and should go to game-theoretically, different things matter.  Those previously mentioned metrics simply don't mean anything central.  They are all convoluted reflections of the questions "are we surviving" and "are we watering the capital needed".

So what does matter towards this end?  What does deserve our attention?  What is capital?

If we're an armory, we need the ability to manufacture legal tools at a scale and quality that others cannot.  What does this mean in practice?

If legal work is going to be done by AI, we need to be able to tap compute at a cost that's difficult for others to compete with.  We also will want to *own* our compute and proprietary models so we don't need to "rent our capital" to operate our business.  It's not clear what the most capital efficient way to buy compute is.  It may be advantageous at times to simply bounce from cloud to cloud and rent—to stay nimble.  Yet, if compute itself is the game, this is a shit business—it will be effectively a commodity.  We will need proprietary models, proprietary data, proprietary *intelligence*—ultimately intelligence is our capital.  If the internet boom meant that everyone was an internet company, a "tech company"—the AI boom means that everyone is an intelligence company—or an embodiment of intelligence.  It's not just automation, it's about gaining competitive advantage through intelligence and the ability to embody it efficiently—which again seems to imply some degree of compute ownership.

This is something that will grow iteratively, and we will want to make time our friend, to benefit from advances in AI.  We do not want to be racing 2 feet ahead of the latest model only to be displaced by the next models leaping ahead.

Instead, maybe we'd be wise to be long gamma by investing in becoming the place that AI do law.

But human or AI, what does it even mean to be a legal armory or legal tax?  Well, you'd imagine that we're basically doing as much as possible *behind the scenes* to remove their problem and/or potential problems via negativa.  Specifically, we would be negotiating contracts for them, pursuing litigation for them, hiring lawyers for them, sending them occasional updates if needed.  We're auto law—we're just advancing their interests in all form.  You can even imagine this in the political sphere—it's not different—it's just an auto-advocate, auto-strategist, it's more than law.

You can see us as working iteratively towards this via increasingly investing in product offerings as part of a ridiculous value package.  We can build antifragile-y, building and learning with the principle of giving people greater agency.  Law not just as a problem, but as a superpower.

Again, it's not about law, but sovereignty.  We're the sovereignty company—we use law, but that's not all.  We use everything we can to give people greater sovereignty.

Thus, we should measure ourselves, view our capital, as our *ability* to provide people and businesses with genuine sovereignty, and generally with the majesty of the law.  So in some sense we're a law firm, but the evolution of it.

How does this inform product?  Well, from a design perspective, we really want to message through the experience, branding, symbolism, sequencing, that we're a problem solving company.  We solve peoples' problems via the majesty of the law.

We're not matching peoples with lawyers—they're bringing problems to us, and we're solving their problems however is most appropriate.  Connecting them with a lawyer is one way to do this.  It is one *module* to solve peoples' problems.

I think the theme of language-driven-design is so big to me because in solving peoples' problems, so much of the experience for them is based on communicating well about what you're going to do, why you're doing it, as opposed to what, and then what you did, and how it went.

We can see our "v1" as solving peoples' problem of starting their legal adventure.

