It's clear to me now that I just need to be patient and keep going.  This is huge.  Do it with a chip and have some fun, don't need to be such a pussy about it.  This attitude is what gets people following—just relentless and mono-focus.  Get everything off the table, and just do this.

On top of that, I think I need to get in an environment that better affords dialogue and exposure.  I don't think it's helpful to just be in the middle of nowhere—be around people, get connecting, and have some fun with it.

I don't know what this means in practice...yet.

Where is my time best spent?
- Talking to people, testing out memes, sells, ideas.  Specifically, talking to lawyers.
- Reading, studying, foraging for ideas.
- *Ideating*, prototyping, designing (biz)


**On Custom Podcasts**
What if I created a custom RSS feed for each lawyer that gave them a summary of their leads, and their clients' questions.

**On Making Time My Friend**
It seems kind of like a no-brainer to be a hacker-in-residence at a large law firm where I can just hack on stuff.  I can learn, and be part of their brain-trust.  This seems like a no-brainer way to get a ton of inside info and learn...How would I get there?  Well, just ask first of all...I can just call them up and say "hey I'm interested in the future of the legal space, but I don't know shit about how law actually works in the back office.  I'd like to do some work as an entrepreneur-in-residence at your firm.  I'd love to spend time working without one user (you), and just building and designing for you to learn about the space.  I don't want to waste your time, so feel free to cut me off if there's no value here for you guys."

So I'm a lot closer to this than I think...I'd really just want to package up some demo's and materials...I think the better ask would actually be something like "hey, I'm launching a wholesale club for law firms, and I'm looking for some early partners that are interested in "

**On Situational Awareness**
Woah, I like this term.  It makes it so obvious, in a spatial cognition context, how out of touch I am with my surroundings and how un-proprioceptive I am and no wonder I can't "articulate" my plans and priorities.  Let's work on this.

Right now, I see massive potential ahead, and have my bag packed to stark the trek.  I'm not in a rush, and I want to enjoy the ride.  Yet, I seem to be stumbling over my feet a bit, and wonder if I have the right footwear on to make it there.  I *know* that I could make it easier, more efficient, and more *enjoyable* with a few tweaks.

I'm trying to figure out what those tweaks are.
- Design, cannot be tripping over my feet, need a low-cost, high speed way to do things.
- Product and distribution priority.  There's 1000 things I can do, but I don't seem to be clear what my roadmap is.  What am I launching?  What am I not?  How am I distributing?  How am I talking about it / branding it?  I actually have no idea right now.  It's crazy to do any dev before I have this basic stuff down.  I don't even have a grasp of my business.

What I do know is that I need a clear picture in my mind to operate well, and that I need to establish that picture first and foremost.
- What's clear is that there's some ramp up that I need to get clear and simplified on.  Chicken and egg.  How to bring lawyers without clients?  How to bring clients without lawyers?
	- I can do outreach to partner, or I can just send out some leads—I can even just create a full consumer version, and then provide them with interview and chat features over their case—from there, we can use that to rope in partner lawyers and expect that iteratively.

The question is whether to start with this "case first" design, or whether to go with a model of starting with "shopping first".

---

I *know* that I don't have the frameworks and tools to build what I want to build.  However, I have time, but I must use it.  I must forage, talk to people, learn things, train myself, imagine, ideate, design.  Indirection is doing.