ImpossibleLaw Narrative Articulation v0

On Our Simple Premise. The mediocrity of service in the legal industry and a potential growth loop presents the opportunity to dominate the legal services market by reaching value achievable only through scale.

[ THE MARKET NARRATIVE ]

On the History of the Market. The limited scale of individual law firms limits the value they can provide clients. Consolidation has typically occurred in the form of larger firms. Legal technology companies have attempted to service firms via case management tooling, lead generation services, …. However, these all are attempts to service these individual units.

On the Future of Law. In the same way Costco and Amazon provide value as “middlemen with scale”, we believe similar dynamics are yet to occur in legal services. We believe that we can use the expected value of legal matters as leverage to incentivize legal service providers into providing better service and value, further attracting clients and leverage. This consolidation into a middleman of scale differs from

[ WHERE WE’RE GOING ]

On Reaching Scale. We believe there is an opportunity to provide higher-quality legal services at lower cost through scale via the following loop:

Attract clients with a free and uniquely easy to use service.
Use clients / cheap lead generation as leverage to demand higher quality service guarantees and discounts for clients.
Iteratively turn higher quality service into more clients into more leverage into more high quality services.

On The Cost of Reaching Scale. While it is tempting to view success in short-term revenue, we believe this is fundamentally mistaken, and that investing in quality and low-cost through scale is a more resilient and robust long term business model. Our only goal is to survive in providing low/at-cost legal services such that we can reach scale.

[ STRATEGY / THREATS / SURVIVAL ]

On Positioning for AI. Because we act as a middleman, we have the optionality to modularly add value to customers via artificial intelligence. We plan to (1) ride tailwinds in AI algorithm development to provide better services, and (2) buy our compute infrastructure as opposed to renting it in the form of cloud services. Specifically, we intend to build AI in-house to (1) reduce costs via automating filing that would be done be lawyers, (2) provide free and proactive legal strategy. In other words, we view AI as a means to iteratively increase the value provided to clients and lawyers.

On Threats from Legal Interests. The fact that our business may be perceived as a threat to existing legal interests as an existential threat. Rather than fight unknown interests with unknown means head on, our general policy is one of general caution, brutal legal thoroughness, playing small, and aligning interests as much as possible with existing interests. The specifics of how we will align interests is still to be determined.

[ OUR PRODUCT STRATEGY ]

On Clients v1. We target clients at the beginning of the legal process in order to “own” their case. Our first service is a free matchmaking, in which we (1) conduct and assess custom interviews for them in 48 hours, and (2) provide a number of guarantees:

    Quick Agreement	  Get people custom contracts for their situation for free.
    			  "Where there are bookshelves there will be books.”

    No-Retainer Advice.   Get advisory before paying a retainer.

    Free Lawyer Search,
    48 Hour Turnaround.  Given the specifics of your case, we interview and assess 						  lawyers within 48 hours.

    	Weekly Updates.  	  Free weekly update and responses to your questions 							  from your attorney.

    	Second Opinion.	  Call in a lawyer for a second opinion at any point during 							  your case for a flat-fee, or receive AI feedback for free by 					  default.

    	Lawyer Swap.	  At any point, we’ve got your back and can find you a 							  new lawyer.

On Lawyers v1. We reduce lead generation time for lawyers by screening candidates based on priorities, and educating clients about their case in the onboarding process. We are not attempting to coax attorneys into taking clients to boost growth metrics. Our priority is to provide immense value to attorneys by delivering them high value cases with well informed clients, as quickly and inexpensively as possible.

    (NEED TO NAIL THE ATTORNEY VALUE PROP BETTER)
    Free AI Tooling.	 Save time with cases booked through us.

    Promotion.*		 We want to spotlight brilliant legal minds, personalities, and 						 storytellers. Build social capital by contributing to the platform.

    Dealflow.**		 Get quality deal flow, get better and better deal flow by providing 				 value to the platform.

On Where We’re Going. Our only priority is to use scale to increase guarantees and value for lawyer matchmaking. Our product strategy is simply to stay close to the clients and lawyers and iteratively improve the product one small problem at a time.

On “Franchising”. We see the next wave of lawyers as a massive opportunity. When the time is right, we are considering building a full-stack platform for creating and managing a law firm. This enables a tight coupling of the firms to our services. They can ride our brand guarantees to establish their practice, as opposed to the tedium of (1) slaving away at a law firm, and (2) building a practice and clientele from the ground up. Further, we can use our scale to educate and up-skill these lawyers.

[ OUR CURRENT ASK ]

On Capital Partners. We are interested in partnering with investors interested only in reaching scale. We view misalignment in partners’ interest as a existential and unnecessary threat to reaching scale. The opportunity is simple too big. To align incentives, employees and partners alike will receive stock over time, with vesting per year increasing linearly over time.

On Use of Capital. Our platform is fully functional, and we have facilitated 1000 lawyer matches with G% growth month-over-month. We are raising $X seed capital in order to reach escape velocity in our growth loop.

On Our Immediate Priorities. Our current priority is to bootstrap our growth loop by perfecting our service offerings and providing at-/below-cost services. We must incentivize risk-averse, but high quality, lawyers into conforming to our service protocol (for example, free weekly updates for clients). This involves (1) incentive entering, and (2) investing in a small Sales team with experience in the legal industry.

[ ABOUT US ]

On Our Business Heroes. Our heroes as a business are McDonald’s, Costco, and Amazon.

On How we Work. Every employee is expected to continually recreate their role, and take responsibility for every part of the business. We hire based on opportunity to hire exceptional individuals of any skillset and background. Employees are paid a uniform flat rate, with raises taking the form of increased stock options, and negotiated directly with me.

[ OUR ASK OF LAWYERS ]
